Sister, I'm so scared
I'll never see you again
Although don't be afraid of where my sister is
Just think of Dad like that, okay?
OK
Strange that he has three lives of his own
Now there is only an hour left to live
Maybe.
Floating Life made him seem to be more powerful in fighting demons
The smell is not right
Not like a monster
It seems to have something to do with heaven
However, the divine position in heaven will not be easily reversed in the world
There's something wrong with this.
What? Your family was together 10 years ago
Because the statue of the king is in the way
He ordered someone to knock over the tribute table
Tear down the idol
Also cursed Li Tianwang
The king painstakingly painstakingly
But you offend him for little things
What crime
nonsense
Our Qi family has always respected all kinds of immortals
How could it be disrespectful?
You you you are bloody here
The king is furious
Lay down the punishment on my sister
That's it.
What do you say?
What punishment does not punish
You a porter's waste
Dare to speak nonsense here
Don't think that the master of the armed crown is tolerant of you
We're not so good-natured
Get out
We are still waiting for Daochang Sun to treat Jing'er
Mom, even the masters of the armed officers believe in first victory
Why don't you believe him yet?
Boundless Tianzun
Poor road debt
But no such charlatan